staying healthy at home is easy here's
the right way to do squats
with tips from our physios we need to
keep our lower limb muscles
especially the glutes quadriceps and
hamstrings
strong we also need to make sure our hip
and knee joints are healthy when
performing a squat position
keep your feet slightly wider than your
shoulder width
begin the squat by pushing your bottom
back and towards the ground
then start lowering yourself by bending
your knees and hips
go as low as you feel comfortable
having your arms out in front can help
you counterbalance
the easiest way to squat is by moving
from a sitting position
to a standing position from a chair if
you like to push yourself
add some weights like a heavy bag or a
water bottle
you can even add a hold or pause to your
squat
while doing the squat make sure your
knees don't go in front of your feet
this is especially important if you have
any issues with your knees
placing something under your heels can
make it more comfortable if you've got
any ankle problems
this is a great exercise to strengthen
your back
make sure you have a neutral spine
during this exercise
and don't go too low if you aren't
comfortable
stay healthy and take care